# IOS-configuration-form
This app is an iPhone app that allows network technicians to send network update forms while they are working in the field on the equipment.  The initial problem was that the work is done on weekends or after hours and the paperwork was done the following day.  This resulted in missing or incorrect information.  Since the information is used for network topology maps and other documentation at the center, I decided as a technician to do something about it.  The app does the four common operations a technician is involved in and streamlines them to make filling out the form a quick and painless endeavor.  Those operations are adding a device, removing a device from service, replacing a device, or changing connections on the device.  It allows for redundant connections while not requiring them.  The last tab is for the mailing list.  There is the ability to select Exchange mailing lists as well as individuals.  The one hazard, if you want to call it a hazard, is that IOS does the selection of what mailing address the sender will default to when creating the email form.  To date, there is not a way to force it to use a particular mailbox.  When there is, I will make an options tab or some sort in order to allow selection of a particular mailbox in the application. 

This is my first attempt at an IOS app.  It is unfortunate that the the application is specific to Johnson Space Center so it cannot be released on the App Store.  The reason for this is that the naming conventions for the devices are specific to NASA and to date, not all of the centers are using the naming conventions for the devices. 

This is my first completed application on IOS and was produced while I was going to school to get my Bachelors of Science in Computer Science.  I used this application at my job at JSC while attending University of Houston at Clear Lake.  All of the work was done prior to creating this repository on Github so it is unlikely that much activity will be seen on this repository.


